[docs] Deckhouse conf update (#8238)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE_CONFIGURE.md

> 1. If the `nodeSelector` module parameter is not set, then Deckhouse will try to calculate the `nodeSelector` automatically. Deckhouse looks for nodes with the specific labels in the cluster  (see the list below). If there are any, then the corresponding `nodeSelectors` are automatically applied to module resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If the `nodeSelector` module parameter is not set, then Deckhouse will try to calculate the `nodeSelector` automatically. Deckhouse looks for nodes with the specific labels in the cluster  (see [the list](#module-features-that-depend-on-its-type) below). If there are any, then the corresponding `nodeSelectors` are automatically applied to module resources.
```

1. If the `tolerations` parameter is not set for the module, all the possible tolerations are automatically applied to the module's Pods (see the list below).
1. You can set both parameters to `false` to disable their automatic calculation.

> 1. In the absence of designated `nodes` and with automatic node selection enabled, the resource module will not specify a `nodeSelector`. In this case, the module's behavior will be to use any node with non-conflicting `taints`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If there are no nodes with a [specific role](#module-features-that-depend-on-its-type) in the cluster and `nodeSelector` is automatically selected (see point 1), `nodeSelector` will not be specified in the module resources. The module will then use any node with non-conflicting `taints`.
```
